Security and privacy considerations (#40)
thomas-fossati/draft-eat-da: draft-poirier-rats-eat-da.md

# Security Considerations

As this specification reuses the EAT specification {{-rats-eat}}, it also reuses the CWT specification {{-cwt}}.
The security and privacy considerations of these specifications therefore apply here too.
In particular, the considerations discussed in {{Sections 9.1 (Claim Trustworthiness), 9.4 (Multiple EAT Consumers) and 9.5 (Detached EAT Bundle Digest Security Considerations) of -rats-eat}} apply fully.

When DAT is an UCCS, the considerations in {{-uccs}} also apply.

# Privacy Considerations

> A DAT can include a great deal of detail about the execution environment associated with the TVM and, therefore, the workload being executed within it.

Reviewer: I had to think hard about this one.

The only information conveyed by a DAT is about device(s) assigned to a TVM, and amounts to what the SPDM and TDISP protocols are providing, nothing more.  That information is also supposed to be public because it would be known to a verifier and endorsement services.  Other than that, no other information about the TVM is available in the DAT.  I would either reword this sentence or remove it.

> This can provide insight into the type of computation being carried out by the workload.

Reviewer: This too got me puzzled.  A DAT will provide information about the device(s) assigned to a TVM but nothing about the workload itself.

> It can also enable tracking of a given workload across multiple TVM instances in both the temporal and spatial dimensions.

Reviewer: Are you implying that a workload can be split between several parallel TVMs with the same HW configuration, providing hints about the workload or that the same workload migrates between TVMs (live migration)?  In the former case, I think the hints are so small it may not be worth mentioning.  In the later case, we have specifically underlined that this specification doesn't cover live migration use cases.  

The last 3 lines have left me deep in thoughts.

A DAT is usually one component of a composite evidence payload.
In such cases, multiple Verifiers may be involved in the appraisal process.

> The differential encryption considerations discussed in {{Section 9.1 (Multiple DAT Consumers) of -rats-eat}} therefore apply.

Author: ```suggestion
The differential encryption considerations discussed in {{Section 9.4 (Multiple EAT Consumers) of -rats-eat}} therefore apply.
```
